Update name of default encoding, and a bit of tidy-up around that (#771)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/cheri/riscv-unpriv-integration.adoc

The capability encoding both determines the in-memory representation of a CHERI capability
and entails a set of extensions present atop {cheri_base_ext_name}.

> NOTE: Alternative capability encoding
> specifications must provide key primitives, such as permissions and bounds,
> while using a different encoding that, for example,
> changes the granularity of bounds or adds new features.

Reviewer: I recognize that this is just moved text, but while here...

```suggestion
NOTE:  Alternative capability encoding specifications,
with, for example, new features and/or different bounds granularity,
are possible and would not change how CHERI integrates with the RISC-V ISA,
provided that said encodings still provide the primitives
detailed in <<sec_capability_registers>>.
```
